add instructions to install python-devel and gcc-c++ packages (#1711)
app-sre/qontract-reconcile: README.md

python3 setup.py develop
```

> If the commands above don't work maybe you need to install the `python-devel` and `gcc-c++` packages.

Author: ```suggestion
If the commands above don't work maybe you need a C++ compiler and python headers.
```

@rporres , Does that covers your suggestions?

Reviewer: indeed, thx!

> 

Reviewer: Thsese instructions are too specific for your case. Other Linux distributions or Mac OS X users won't be able to use them. I would go for something more generic, stating the need of a compiler and python headers to run the last command successfully.
